AniLedger Non-Commercial Open Source License
Version 1.0, October 2025

Copyright (c) 2025 AniLedger Contributors

TERMS AND CONDITIONS

1. DEFINITIONS

"Software" refers to AniLedger and all associated source code, documentation, 
and related materials.

"Commercial Use" means any use of the Software that is primarily intended for 
or directed toward commercial advantage or monetary compensation, including but 
not limited to:
  - Selling the Software or derivatives
  - Using the Software in a commercial product or service
  - Using the Software to provide paid services
  - Incorporating the Software into proprietary software for sale

"Non-Commercial Use" means any use that is not Commercial Use, including 
personal use, educational use, research, and use by non-profit organizations.

2. GRANT OF LICENSE

Subject to the terms and conditions of this License, you are hereby granted a 
worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive license to:

  a) Use, copy, and modify the Software for Non-Commercial Use only
  b) Distribute copies of the Software for Non-Commercial Use only
  c) Distribute modified versions of the Software for Non-Commercial Use only

3. CONDITIONS

Any use, modification, or distribution of the Software must comply with the 
following conditions:

  a) NON-COMMERCIAL RESTRICTION: You may NOT use the Software or any derivative 
     works for Commercial Use without obtaining a separate commercial license 
     from the copyright holders.

  b) ATTRIBUTION: You must retain all copyright notices, this license, and 
     provide clear attribution to the original authors in any copies or 
     derivative works.

  c) SHARE-ALIKE: If you distribute modified versions of the Software, you must:
     - Make the complete source code available
     - License your modifications under this same license
     - Clearly indicate what changes were made
     - Include this license with your distribution

  d) OPEN SOURCE: All forks, derivatives, and modifications must remain open 
     source and freely available under this same license.

  e) NO WARRANTY: The Software is provided "AS IS" without warranty of any kind.

4. SOURCE CODE AVAILABILITY

If you distribute the Software or any derivative works, you must make the 
complete corresponding source code available under this same license, either:
  - Included with the distribution, or
  - Available for download from a publicly accessible repository

5. PATENT GRANT

Each contributor grants you a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free patent 
license under the contributor's essential patent claims to make, use, sell, 
offer for sale, import and otherwise run, modify and propagate the contents 
of the Software, for Non-Commercial Use only.

6. TERMINATION

This license automatically terminates if you violate any of its terms. Upon 
termination, you must cease all use and distribution of the Software and 
destroy all copies in your possession.

7. COMMERCIAL LICENSING

If you wish to use the Software for Commercial Use, you must contact the 
copyright holders to obtain a separate commercial license.

8. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR 
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, 
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE 
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER 
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, 
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE 
SOFTWARE.

9. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY 
DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES 
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; 
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND 
ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT 
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS 
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

10. ACCEPTANCE

By using, copying, modifying, or distributing the Software, you indicate your 
acceptance of this License and all its terms and conditions.

---

For commercial licensing inquiries, please contact the project maintainers.
